**2420 - Introduction to Software Engineering Report** &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; &emsp; = 2 x &ensp; = 4 x &nbsp; 11.26.19

**Purpose:** Creating a responsive advertising website for different services offered to customers in related areas.

**Description:** The website should be able to successfully sign up users, login users, post users’ advertises 
and keep track of users. The application is an event management form which is a hybrid application 
made with Ionic 4 and Angular in Webstorm. Each user can sign up as a customer or service provider at the beginning. 
Then the users need to login in order to find a related service provider and to connect with them 
and to offer a service to users.

We used https://eventify.io as an example platform. <br/>
Our roadmap can be found here: https://trello.com

**Front end:**
* Sign up page
*	Login Page
*	Home Page
*	Search Page
*	Contact Page
*	Logo for the Website

**Back end:**
*	Sign up Page
*	Profile Page
*	Log out Button
*	Retrieve Password
*	Toasts on every page
*	Permanent Link to go to Profile
*	Business Page
*	Query for database on Search page

**Issues and Solutions:**
*	_issue:_ Home page is not compatible for mobile. <br/>
  _solution:_ Adjusted code.
*	_issue:_ Contact page does not send the contact form as an email. <br/>
  _solution:_ Not solved yet.
*	_issue:_ async callbacks <br/>
  _solution:_ promises and unsubscribing (otherwise it could lead to a memory leak)
*	_issue:_ The use of dynamic content based on sessions after the user has been authenticated <br/>
  _solution:_ Not solved yet.

**_Team 6 Members:_** <br/>
Damla Gözük <br/>
Guillermo Lamphar <br/>
Kajan Kugathasan <br/>
Sibel Şen <br/>
